ETR01SDK-475: add Linux SPI HAL with native CS handling (#429)
tropicsquare/libtropic: tests/functional/linux/spi_native_cs/CMakeLists.txt

#                                                                         #
###########################################################################

if (NOT DEFINED LT_SPI_DEV_PATH)

>     set(LT_SPI_DEV_PATH "/dev/spidev0.0" CACHE STRING "Path to the SPI device to which the SPI devkit is connected.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    set(LT_SPI_DEV_PATH "/dev/spidev0.0" CACHE STRING "Path to the SPI device where TROPIC01 is connected.")
```

Author: Oops, forgot about the comment. Thanks!

endif()
message(STATUS "Using SPI device: ${LT_SPI_DEV_PATH}. You can change it by passing -DLT_SPI_DEV_PATH=<path> to cmake.")

if (NOT DEFINED LT_GPIO_DEV_PATH)

>     set(LT_GPIO_DEV_PATH "/dev/gpiochip0" CACHE STRING "Path to the GPIO device that provides the SPI devkit's interrupt (INT) line.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    set(LT_GPIO_DEV_PATH "/dev/gpiochip0" CACHE STRING "Path to the GPIO device that provides the TROPIC01's interrupt (INT) line.")
```

Author: second oopsie whoopsie
